- [[Enterprise Application Development]]
	- # Multithreading
		- ## What is a Thread?
			- A thread is a small part of a process or program that can run concurrently with other parts of the same process or program.
			- Threads are independent as they have separate paths for execution.
			- It is also known as a separate execution path of a program.
			- It is a light weight process  where the OS can schedule and run concurrently.
			- Thread is a way of dividing a program into two or more simultaneously running  tasks.
			- **A thread is a part of a program which runs  independently.**
			-
		- ## What is Multithreading?
			- The process of executing multiple threads parallely at the same time is called multithreading.
			- Multithreading is used to achieve multitasking and is mostly used in games, animations and other applications which require concurrent processing.
			- Multithreading is different from multitasking;
				- Multitasking is the process of executing multiple tasks at the same time (simultaneously).
		- ## What are the stages of thread life cycle?
			- ### New
				-
			- ### Runnable
			- ### Running
			- ### Blocked/Waiting
			- ### Terminated
		- ## What are the threads required of software developers?
		- ## Thread Priorities
			- Min
			- Max
			- Normal
		- Runnable interface is used instead of the Thread super class for multithreading
		- blocking techniques
			- sleep
			- wait
				- it is used with notify() method
			- suspend
				- used with resume() method
		- Static methods are called by class name
		- Try catch is compulsory for the check exception
		- TODO why the suspend and resume methods are cut with a line
		- TODO display 2 clocks as 2 threads in console.
		-